whatsnew/README.md, before:

# What's New

### 2021

- **Dec** -> :new: New blog post by Elikutty and added _Tweets_ for twitter feed, added more resources to YouTube, Instagram, Music, books
- Content update - Updated description of resources -> 21-08.21
- Quiz Update - Onam Quiz 2021 added -> 21.08.21
- Mega Quiz 6 added -> 15.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new picture based quiz from magazines -> 12.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new quiz by Gokul from @everyday_malayalam under 'Quiz by other Malayalam learning Channels' -> 10.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new picture quiz under 'Children's Magazine'
- Website major update - Introducing Quizzes - [Click here](../quiz/smallquizzes/)
- Content update Content update - - Added 'YouTube-ers' in the Resources -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Explained' tab to post peoples doubt clarified from the closed Slack groups -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Test' tab. Trying to implement a simple quiz. Not functional yet. -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Logs' tab on the website to track the changes -> 01.08.21
- Updated new podcasts in Resources -> 25.07.21

Commit message:

new chatGPT services and more services.

whatsnew/README.md, after:

# What's New

### 2023

- :new: blog post on ChatGPT
- :new: updates on my Buymeacoffee [page](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/easymalayalam)
- :new: Services offered page created

### 2021

- **Dec** -> New blog post by Elikutty and added _Tweets_ for twitter feed, added more resources to YouTube, Instagram, Music, books
- Content update - Updated description of resources -> 21-08.21
- Quiz Update - Onam Quiz 2021 added -> 21.08.21
- Mega Quiz 6 added -> 15.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new picture based quiz from magazines -> 12.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new quiz by Gokul from @everyday_malayalam under 'Quiz by other Malayalam learning Channels' -> 10.08.21
- Quiz update - Added a new picture quiz under 'Children's Magazine'
- Website major update - Introducing Quizzes - [Click here](../quiz/smallquizzes/)
- Content update Content update - - Added 'YouTube-ers' in the Resources -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Explained' tab to post peoples doubt clarified from the closed Slack groups -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Test' tab. Trying to implement a simple quiz. Not functional yet. -> 01.08.21
- Added 'Logs' tab on the website to track the changes -> 01.08.21
- Updated new podcasts in Resources -> 25.07.21
